I recently built a drybox and dried my filament and started getting my Artemis 300 back up and running, but I'm having trouble getting it calibrated. I'm attempting to print a small rectangle at each of the "corners" of the bed (1:30, 4:30, 7:30, and 10:30, if the rear tower is 12:00) and one in the center (see attached photo). I've attempted to calibrate the printer using the procedure described below several times, cleaned the glass bed, rotated the bed 90 degrees to check if it was uneven, and checked to make sure none of the screws I could access seemed loose and haven't been able to get my first layer to print evenly; I'm hoping you might have some suggestions; I've broken this down into sections below:

Symptoms
--------

My calibration print (generated by SuperSlicer) puts one rectangle in the center and each corner of the bed with a skirt around each one. It prints in the following order:
1. Upper Left (10:30)
2. Lower Right (4:30)
3. Center (hub)
4. Lower Left (7:30)
5. Upper Right (1:30)

Rectangles 1, 2, and 4 are usually pretty good, but rectangles 3 (hub) and 5 (upper right) are consistently far enough from the bed that the skirt blobs against the nozzle and makes a mess of the whole rectangle, if the rectangle even sticks to the bed itself.

Occasionally some or all of rectangles 1, 2 and 4 are too close to the bed, although they usually look pretty good.

Leveling / Calibrating Procedure
--------------------------------
This is based off instructions that Keegan Bradford gave me last year; I've tried a couple variations of this, and done it several times in case I made a mistake somewhere.

Set Z=0:
1. Heat Bed to 60C
2. `M561` to turn off mesh compensation (which I don't have enabled normally, anyway)
3. Home all axes
4. `M208 S1 Z-3` to allow travel below Z=0
5. `G1 X0 Y0 Z5`
6. Step nozzle down by as little as 0.01mm until it touches bed (I've done this by having it grab a piece of paper, by listening to the change in sound of the vibrations as the nozzle contacts the bed, and by shining a light across the bed and looking for when the nozzle makes contact)
7. `G92 Z0` to set zero point.

Set probe trigger height:
8. Turn off bed heat (but perform the following while bed is still warm)
9. Use a macro that issues `G1 Z5; G30 S-1; G1 Z5` to tap the bed and report the trigger height; collect several measurements and use the one that occurs most often (see below notes)
10. Put trigger height I find into the `G31` in config.g

Auto Calibrate:
11. After reloading the config, home again and issue `G32` to auto-calibrate 3-5 times
12. `M500` to save.

Other Notes
-----------

Extra Factors:
On Keegan's suggestion I tried changing the `S6` parameter in bed.g's final `G30` to `S8` to calibrate for tower tilt. That doesn't seem to have helped, unfortunately.

Probe Trigger Height Consistency:
My probe trigger height is never consistent; It's usually one of two values, somewhere around 0.05mm apart. I ran a test the other day using the macro described in step 9 above where I recorded 50 identical probes. 44 of them reported "-0.191mm", 4 reported "-0.186mm" and 2 reported "-0.231mm". Other tests (less extensive) have suggested that I usually get around 7 in 10 probes reporting 1 value and 3 of them reporting a second value. The reaction I got in the Facebook group suggests that this isn't normal; does it seem like it could explain my calibration troubles?

Structural Check:
I bought my Artemis RTP because kits weren't available any more, so I'm not terribly familiar with its assembly, but I skimmed the assembly guide and checked all the screws that seemed readily accessible on the effector and the slides. They all seemed to still be tight. Two of the belts felt slightly looser than the third, so I did my best to increase the tension on them (but without a tensiometer that's rudimentary at best). I also moved the printer slightly to make sure it was away from the back of the cabinet I have it set up in just in case it was pushing against the wall oddly and getting thrown off by that.

Possible Effector Wobble?
Due to (I presume?) the probe trigger height inconsistency, I often get the "z probe readings not consistent" error message while running auto-calibration. To attempt to combat that I changed the `A2` parameter in my `M558` to `A5`. That reduces the occurrence of that error, but while listing to auto-calibration run I noticed that it almost always does extra taps (because the first two readings were not consistent) in one of the probe points (sometimes on others, but nearly always on one spot. That's the spot in front of the left-hand tower, (X=-108.24, Y=-62.5). I started watching that probe and noticed that there's a slight but definitely visible wobble when the nozzle taps the bed...I'd almost call it "buckling". I can see it to a much smaller extent at the points directly in front of the other two towers, but as far as I can tell it's much more pronounced at this point. (You can see it most clearly by watching the top of the Y-splitter jutting up from the center of the effector). Is this normal? If not, could it be causing the calibration problems I'm having? Do you have suggestions on how to fix/avoid this?

Thank you so much for whatever advice you can give me.
~Kyle Marsh